1)Bun maska is a Maharashtrian staple. Buns are nothing but very soft bread and Maska is nothing butter simple butter. The iconic Bun Maska, has its own loyal followers and is usually served in many of Mumbai's Irani hotels. You really cant go wrong with this snack when accompanied a cup of 'garam chai'.


2)Lassi (pronounced [ləsiː]) is a popular traditional dahi (yogurt)-based drink that originated in the Indian subcontinent.[1][2] Lassi is a blend of yogurt, water, spices and sometimes fruit.


3)Malai is a cooking ingredient originating from the Indian subcontinent. It is made by heating non-homogenized whole milk to about 80 °C (180 °F) for about one hour and then allowing to cool. A thick yellowish layer of fat and coagulated proteins forms on the surface, which is skimmed off.[1] The process is usually repeated to remove most of the fat.


4)Dahi (Bengali: দই, Devanagari: दही, Urdu: دہی dahī; Tamil: தயிர் thayir, Kannada: ಮೊಸರು mosaru, Telugu: పెరుగు perugu, Malayalam: തൈര് tayir) is a traditional yogurt or fermented milk product, originating from the Indian subcontinent, usually prepared from cow's milk, and sometimes buffalo milk, or goat milk.[1] It is popular throughout the Indian subcontinent.[1] The word curd is used in Indian English to refer to (naturally probiotic) homemade yogurt,[2][3] while the term yogurt refers to the pasteurized commercial variety known as heat treated fermented milk.


5)Rabri is a popular north indian sweet made from milk. basically rabri is thickened sweetened milk having layers of malai or cream in it. its flavored with cardamoms, saffron with the addition of dry fruits like almonds and pistachios. this version of rabri is also called as lachha rabri in hindi.
Rabri (IAST: Rabaḍī) is a sweet, condensed-milk-based dish, originating from the Indian subcontinent, made by boiling the milk on low heat for a long time until it becomes dense and changes its color to off-white or pale yellow. Sugar, spices and nuts are added to it to give it flavor. It is chilled and served as dessert. Rabri is the main ingredient in several desserts, such as rasabali, chhena kheeri, and khira sagara. Hathras is famous for Rabri and other sweets prepared from ghee. A similar dish goes by the name Basundi.


Traditional Indian ice cream kulfi served with sweet rabri and rose petal jam gulkand.
A fusion food derived from the traditional Rabdi from Indian cuisine addressed as Suvarna Rabdi.[1] Use pumpkin to give it a gold-like or Suvarna shade and garnish with vanilla seeds.[2]
AIzaSyDUPJseCV7k7yPZQ64vKP4oIoZNDU8aunw Maps API KEY